 I went through an interview at Goldman Sachs in their Bengaluru office for Java Developer role, and I would like to share my experience with you to help everyone to go through and prepare well for the same.
Reporting time was 9.30 am, I reached there before time, was given a temporary id, and rounds started at around 11 am.Round 1 (written : 1 hr)
We all were given question paper with 3 questions and answer sheets with 1 hr duration.
1. Write a method to convert a number (range : 0 to 9 billion) to a String literal, e.g. sample input : 12345 , sample output : Twelve Thousand Three Hundred Forty Five.
2. Merge two array lists to one without using inbuilt functions, map and set, remove all duplicates from merged list, and also print number of duplicates.
3. Two tables were given with Foreign key relation on one table with other, and 2 scenarios were given, need to write SQL with join, aggregate operators etc between both tables and get results.After this in half an hour results were declared, and just after that I got call for next round.Round 2  (F2F : around 40 mins)
Two guys took this round
1. Asked about current job, work, build process and testing processes we use etc.
2. Lots of questions were asked from java collections, Comparable, Comparator, synchronized hashmap, equals(), hashcode(), hashMap internal working etc.
3. Some SQL queries using joins, group by, having, count etc
4. Multi threading scenarios, producer consumer problem, write a program for deadlock between 2 threads, locking on object etc.
5. Find middle element of linked list, find last nth element of linked list.
6. Program for tribonacci series.
7. java8 features.This round went very well, I gave optimized answers for most of the problems. After this I waited for around 3 hrs before next round call, had lunch in between.Round 3 (F2F : around 20-25  mins)
Two ladies took this round
1. Asked about my current project in detail, gave me various scenarios, how this will happen in your current project, explain step by step, DB tables involved, how data will persist etc.
2. Gave me some hypothetical scenario and told me to design an application for it (either using DB model or Object model) and explain it.I explained everything well, and created good design for second problem also. After this round waited for around 15 mins, for next roundRound 4 (F2F : around 20-25 mins)
1. Asked about complete project in detail, current organization, reason of change etc.
2. Write program to implement queue using not more than 2 stacks
3. Write a program for equals() method to compare contents of 2 objects, I used instanceOf operator to verify class type, but he asked me to change it in such way that all subclass objects (with same contents) also return false when compared using equals() method, so I used getClass() method instead of instanceOf for comparison of object type.Interviewer looked to be very impressed after this round, in around 5 mins, got call for next round.
Round 5 (F2F : around 20-25  mins)
Interviewer was technology head for Java